# Project-Work
Video modelling except we don’t know anything about programming 
Video-modelling
Our intervention will incorporate behavioural intervention strategies which has been proven to enhance skill performance and reduce problem behaviours in autistic individuals (Hart, R. 2010). One example is using video-feedforward to “depict a skill not yet acquired or demonstrated by the individual in a challenging context” (Dowrick, P.W, 1999). This might involve breaking down a target behaviour into component behaviours that the participant performs, each of which can be recorded and then edited into a sequence showing what the target behaviour would look like when successfully realised. aim of getting the participant to learn and reproduce the behaviour shown more frequently and fluently. At certain points in the e-book, the child will be required to film themselves performing component behaviours of a successful social interaction, such as waving to someone, smiling at them, and initiating conversation through asking questions, by using a video function embedded as hotspots in the e-book. At the end of the ebook, the child will be presented with a visual representation of their own successes, thus building their confidence in social settings. As individuals with ASD frequently face attentional and social difficulties, they might perceive such a procedure that requires minimal social engagement and involves focusing on a small spatial area for a short period of time to be less daunting. (Sherer et al., 2001). 
Yes we don't know anything. Please help
